Question:What is Emmet?
Ans: Emmet is a set of plug-ins for text editors that allow for high speed coding. 
     It allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded into full piece of code.
     With the help of Emmet developers can save keystrokes and time.
Question:Difference between a Library and Framework?
Ans: The framework provides the flow of a software application.It informs the developer of what they require.
     A library,however does not inform. Instead, a programmer calls the library when and where he needs it.
     
Question:What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Ans:A content delivery network (CDN) refers to a geographically distributed group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of Internet content.
    A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content including HTML pages, javascript files, stylesheets, images, and videos.
    
Question:Why is React known as React?
Ans:React was developed for applications (Facebook) that have constantly changing data. 
    Since React is a front-end framework or the “View” in MVC, this means that as the user clicks around and changes the app’s data, the view should “react” 
    or change with those user events. User events being mouse clicks, typing, submitting a form.
    
Question:What is crossorigin in script tag?
Ans:The purpose of crossorigin attribute is used to share the resources from one domain to another domain.
    It is used to handle the CORS(Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) request that checks whether it is safe to allow for sharing the resources from other domains.
    
Question:What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
Ans:React library is responsible for creating views and ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser.

Question:What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Ans:The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. You have Source Maps, debugging and often times hot reloading ability in those
    builds.The production build, on the other hand, runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your client's machine. The production build 
    runs uglify and builds your source files into one or multiple minimized files. It also extracts CSS and images and of course any other sources you're loading 
    with Webpack. 
    
Question:What is async and defer?
Ans:async is used for independent scripts, like counters or ads.Async downloads and executes JavaScript as soon as it's available.
    defer is used for scripts that need the whole DOM and/or their relative execution order is important. defer attribute waits until the
    HTML document has been parsed before downloading and executing any external scripts.
